Create branch-notes.md file and add branch commands (#1)
ritakenji/session-notebook: branch-notes.md

Notes taken in class on BRANCHES

# Commands:

- **git switch -c <branchname>** - create a new branch and switch to it
- **git switch** <branchname> - switch branches
- **git branch** - list your branches
- **git branch -a** - list all branches (local and remote)
- **git branch -d** <branchname> - delete a branch

# To keep in mind:

- Branches need to be **pushed** and **pulled**.

> - Once you branches are concluded (compared and reviewd), we **merge branches** to main and delete the branch to keep the repo clean and organized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once your branches are concluded (compared and reviewed), we **merge branches** to main and delete the branch to keep the repo clean and organized.
```

- Typical names for brances have a **prefix (feat/fix/bug/style**), followed by the **informative name of the branch**. Use '**-**' or '**/**' as a space between words! (e.g.:fix-login or fix/login / bug-header or bug/header).
- If you want to work on the **fix** branch, you have to switch to that branch on your terminal.
- Hit **~git branch** to see how many branches you have locally, then hit **Q** on your terminal to go back.
- We can see the changes that have been done on **Files Changed** on GitHub.
- To gelp you compare verions of the code, go on **Files Changed** > **Settings**(the little gear icon) > choose **split**

> - We can also see on our GitHub page how many brances exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We can also see on our GitHub page how many branches exist.
```
